# Machine Learning-Assisted Crystal Structure Prediction of Solid-State Electrolytes: Revealing Superior Ionic Conductivity in Metastable Edge-Sharing Phases
"paper title"

## Contents
- active_learning codes
- csp
- validation
  
## active_learning_codes
To perfome the active_learning process, the mtp should be prepared the mlip.ini file with pot.mtp file.
Detailed usage is described in "Ivan S Novikov et al 2021 Mach. Learn.: Sci. Technol. 2 025002"

## csp
The csp directory inclues the calculation results for the four compositions we predicted as part of this work.

- `csp/`
  - `Li2GeS3/` – YAML config files
    - `AIMD/`
    - `Li-S4_volume_CSM/`
    - `mtp/`
    - `structures/`
  - `Li2SiS3/` – predicted composition
  - `Li4SiGeS6/` – predicted composition
  - `Li4SiSnS6/` - predicted composition

* AIMD : It contains the AIMD structures and MSD plot results for the top 10 most stable configurations.
  *  XXX.cif : The crystal structure used for ab initio molecular dynamics (AIMD) simulations. For each structure, a supercell was generated to have a lattice dimension as close as possible to ~10 Å to balance computational cost and accuracy.
  *  msd_from_file.png : the results of msd plot
* Li-S4_volume_CSM
  * dynamics_Li_CSM.py : The script for analyzing Li-S4 volumes and calculating the continuous symmetry measure (CSM) based on the AIMD trajectories.
  * XX-cms.csv : Output data generated by running dynamics_Li_CSM.py
* mtp
  * pot.mtp : The moment tensor potential used for the crystal structure prediction (CSP) process.
  * train.cfg : The training dataset
  * valid.cfg : The validation dataset
* structures : The ten most stable structures obtained by DFT calculations through the CSP workflow.

  ## validation
  These are the validation results for the compositions predicted to verify the methodology proposed in Figure 1. Each directory is named with an index number and the corresponding composition. For each composition, if identified, the most stable structure and the successfully predicted reference structure (with the space group indicated) are included.

For example, in the case of 1_Li3PS4, the directory contains:

```bash
pot.mtp
Li3PS4_predicted_I42m.cif
Li3PS4_stable.cif
```
Additionally, we committed the USPEX input files to implementing our results in USPEX directory.
